we on AmeriCorps fantastically have so
Upton the fact that we can hearken
controls in a sense of the destinies of
the universe so and then whatever we do
is what needs to be done when I say go
see I'm the law around here but the
belief in the power to control has
proceeded on some faulty assumptions
about the limits of science science has
given us a way of understanding the
earth and such a way as do and they
gloss to use the planet that's the
challenge the use of the planet and
that's the faithful aspect of science as
the science give us the power but it
doesn't explain how to use the power
I've been confused about technology I've
heard all my life that technologies
themselves are neutral that it all
depends on how we use them that they can
be used for good or ill depending on the
wisdom and intelligence of the user but
his gerrymander explains but that's
completely wrong you can do it you can
do an analysis of every technology and
find its beneficial aspects and it's
negative aspects the idea that it's just
about the way we use it is absurd
because these are built-in built-in
factors as an example the difference
between nuclear and solar is more than
in how we use them each technology has
built-in characteristics that determine
how they end up being used and who uses
them and for what military scientists
are not now working on a solar-powered
warhead and neither am I looking to put
a nuclear water heater on my roof and
our technologies cut us off from our own
experience
we can build a culture that sits between
us in the world and immediate our our
behavior toward the world and what would
media is what we do what we perceive if
you have a spear it becomes a lot easier
you can you don't have to kill somebody
right in front of you you can kill
somebody 30 feet away and that distance
makes it easier to kill and if you've
been sent into war with a b-2 bomber
strapped to your back in an array of
high-tech sensors at your fingertips you
can kill Iraqis with no more thought or
feeling then you might have wasting the
Covenant on your xbox at home this
disconnection from the world from other
people and other creatures altered our
relationships and left us confused and
wounded a relationship with the universe
becomes i use relationship now let's the
phosphorus else just like to say to
another being human you used me is about
a terrible thing and the personal thing
now the planet Earth is telling us you
use to me at what point do you stop and
listen and if we stop and listen what
will we be able to hear disconnection
has stopped our ears the planets voice
barely registers our minds are clogged
with stories central to my understanding
of the world is this all cultures are
based on stories the culture of
civilization and empire comes with its
own unique set of beliefs and impulses
listen to some of the stories that have
brought us to our present predicament
there's never quite enough we're in 8th
we fly it's heresy today to say let's
stop growing hard work as morally
virtuous more is better the physical
world as I see it is everything we can
solve any problem and they actually say
that the way to be happy is to own more
stuff we are to subdue the earth and
have dominion over it we own we own the
planet we own everything here we own
these resources humans have rights
nothing else have rides there are many
times in which people just don't want to
be told that such and such a place is
off-limits to them living with stories
like this is it any wonder where did I
or in the planet